TODO: Submission 1:

## ASSIGNMENT_ONE_MR_ALAN_VIBILAN_YOUNG.pdf

-----

S3


3.4

"as the order of evaluation affects which error message is propagated."
is the heart of the matter and it should be spelled out as outlined in my comments above.

This section needs to be reworked with an equivalence instead of only with an implication.

3.5

Item 2 at the bottom of page 14 is crucial.
A similar point should be made everywhere else.
For example, for associativity, the three sub-expressions are evaluated in the same order in the LHS and in the RHS,
so both Plus and Times should be associative, which you have proved.

The top of page 15 could be editorialized some more:
what you write also applies for programming languages with expressions whose evaluation can provoke computational effects
(errors, non-termination, side effects).

Regarding the very end of 3.6:
I notice that you have evaluate_rtl in your .v file.
Do you think that for this dual order of evaluation,
Times distributes to the right of Plus unconditionally,
but not to the left?
(Darn, that could have been a question for the first oral exam.  Oh, well, it is useful here.)

3.7

Well, here, an expression occurs on the LHS but not on the RHS,
so surely the equivalence doesn't hold if evaluating this expression yields an error.
Saying that upfront would yield a shorter section,
instead of as a repetitive one.

3.8

"Commutativity: Times is conditionally commutative. It holds when at least one
operand evaluates to a number, but fails when both operands produce errors due
to the order-dependent nature of error propagation."

This part illustrates what happens when one stops investigating too early and when one writes too fast:
if both operands produce the same error, then Times commute.

------

S4


REWRITE

the rest of the section reflects what is in the .v file,
and should be revised based on my comments on the said .v file.

------

S5

REWRITE, without copy pasting answers generated by LLMs.

----------

